<!doctype html><html lang=en><head><meta charset=utf-8><meta name=viewport content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1"><title>Learning WG 2019-11-26 planning meeting
| Rust Lang - Compiler Team</title><link rel=stylesheet href=/compiler-team/book.min.b7d5ee4f671b06dde5fd61ab409a54048ba7759e99fed39ac32a7be45d4d92cd.css><link rel=icon href=/compiler-team/favicon.png type=image/x-icon></head><body><input type=checkbox style=display:none id=menu-control><main class="flex container"><aside class="book-menu fixed"><nav><h2 class=book-brand><a href=https://rust-lang.github.io/compiler-team>Rust Lang - Compiler Team</a></h2><style>nav ul a[href$="\2f compiler-team\2fworking-groups\2flearning\2fminutes\2f 2019.11.26-meeting\2f "]{color:#004ed0}</style><ul><li><strong>About</strong><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/CODE_OF_CONDUCT/>Code of Conduct</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/chat-platform/>Chat Platform</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/steering-meeting/>Steering Meeting</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/about/triage-meeting/>Triage Meeting</a></li></ul></li><li><p><strong>Minutes</strong></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/design-meeting/>Design Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/steering-meeting/>Steering Meetings</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/minutes/triage-meeting/>Triage Meetings</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/experts/><strong>Experts</strong></a></p></li><li><p><strong>Procedures</strong></p><ul><li>Compiler team procedures are documented on the <a href=https://forge.rust-lang.org/>Rust forge</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/crates/>Crates</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/call-for-participation/>Call for participation</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/procedures/form-new-working-group/>Form new working group</a></li></ul></li><li><p><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/><strong>Working Groups</strong></a></p><ul><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/async-await/>Async Await</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/diagnostics/>Diagnostics</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/learning/>Learning</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/llvm/>LLVM</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/meta/>Meta</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/mir-opt/>MIR-opt</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/nll/>NLL</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/parallel-rustc/>parallel rustc</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pgo/>PGO</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/pipelining/>pipelining</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polonius/>polonius</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/polymorphization/>polymorphization</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rfc-2229/>rfc-2229</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/rls-2.0/>rls-2.0</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/self-profile/>Self Profile</a></li><li><a href=/compiler-team/working-groups/traits/>Traits</a></li></ul></li></ul></nav></aside><div class=book-page><header class="align-center justify-between book-header"><label for=menu-control><img src=/compiler-team/svg/menu.svg alt=Menu></label>
<strong>Learning WG 2019-11-26 planning meeting</strong></header><article class=markdown><h1 id=learning-wg-2019-11-26-planning-meeting>Learning WG 2019-11-26 planning meeting</h1><ul><li>Team discussed most important missing chapters from the <a href=https://hackmd.io/iamkyR_QTdSIdGjYQX_XjQ>master doc</a>.<ul><li>A consensus was reached which was noted on the <a href=https://hackmd.io/iamkyR_QTdSIdGjYQX_XjQ>master doc</a>.</li><li>Prioritizing the Overview lecture and doc over others.</li><li>Working as a team on the lecture/doc.</li></ul></li><li>Team discussed to work with Hackmd vs Paper<ul><li>For this Overview doc.</li><li>So we have experience with Paper as well as Hackmd.</li></ul></li><li>Team discussed about Working Process<ul><li>@Santiago mentioned that it might be a good idea to tackle two things in parallel</li><li>1. A lecture arrangement.</li><li>2. A document summary of something else.</li><li>@mark-i-m proposed (again) that we might benefit from a Sprint-like process</li><li>Pick a topic and work towards a goal for say 2 months.</li><li>Team seems to like this sprint-like process idea.</li><li>Team will try this for next two months and recalibrate as necessary.</li></ul></li><li>Next steps<ul><li>@Santiago opened <a href=https://github.com/rust-lang/rustc-guide/pull/530>PR for Ty lecture</a>.</li><li>@mark-i-m started to arrange lecture for <code>Monomorph, LLVM</code>.</li><li>@Santiago started <a href=https://hackmd.io/j8EsXGI1RiOnjZSiSRf3ng>doc for Overview chapter</a>.</li></ul></li></ul></article></div><aside class="book-toc level-6 fixed"><nav id=TableOfContents><ul><li><a href=#learning-wg-2019-11-26-planning-meeting>Learning WG 2019-11-26 planning meeting</a></li></ul></nav></aside></main></body></html>